## Code book

This code book describes the output of run_analysis.R in more details. 

### Study design

The data used by the script is located [here](https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip), and can be unzipped in the working directory. If this is not yet the case, it will be downloaded automatically. 

This data contains measures retrieved from sensor signals (accelerometers and gyroscopes), worn during the by volunteers. After that, the various activities are marked during the measures, with the goal to be able to identify the different activities based on the sensor data. 

For this project, the mean and standard deviation measures are extracted from the train and test datasets. These measures are combined with the activity and the subject to form tidy data stored in dataset.txt. 

From this tidy data, a summary is generated by taking the mean for all measures (mean & standard deviation) per subject and activity. This output is stored in the second datafile called dataset_mean.txt.

### Code book

The output is divided in two output files:

#### dataset.txt

This datafile contains the following variables:

- Subject: identifier for the subject
- Activity: Textual representation of the activity the subject was doing at the time of the measures. Possible values are: WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING.
- Measures: The values are given explicit names using the [CamelCase](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CamelCase) notation. More information about the origin can be found in features_info.txt (part of the original dataset)

#### dataset_mean.txt

This datafile contains a summary of the dataset.txt. For every subject and activity combination, only one row exists. This datafile contains the following variables:

- Subject: identifier for the subject
- Activity: Textual representation of the activity the subject was doing at the time of the measures.
- [Measures]: The MEAN value of the measure for this subject and activity. 